ladies and gentlemen Peter Lawford I
want to tell you about two amazing women
as a matter of fact I think they may be
the most unusual women you or I have
ever met
one of them is a distinguished mistress
of a great house familiar figure the
readers of society pages at home in a
world of great wealth where a butler is
always waiting within court and a
chauffeur waits at the door the other by
contrast is the owner/manager hostess
and principled personality of Edie's
cocktail bar in other words a saloon and
what might be described kindly as a less
fashionable section of the city these
two widely separated women share some
internet and amazing secrets these
secrets I suggest will keep you
fascinated right up to the end of our
new picture dead-ringer
one secret I will tell you right now
both these women are played by Betty
Davis
you you can get rid of this place you
you can get rid of it and and take a
trip to outer space money's no object
how much would you like you haven't got
that much now sit down
we've got a few things to talk over mrs.
delorca I'm gonna take you for
everything you've got
we found a sack full of arsenic in your
closet you want to explain it here at
downtown but it's your husband died of
mrs. delorca a heart attack arsenic
poisoning is often mistaken for a heart
attack
[Music]
yet you try to make me get out
[Applause]
[Music]